so it's not like the Earth is sustaining
us
the animals that are here now the plants
that are here now the organisms broadly
that are here on the earth now are well
suited to the environment as it happens
to be
but we know the environment cannot
possibly remain the same
this is the lesson from geology and
biology together the only reason that we
have evolution by natural selection is
because of changes in the environment if
there were no changes in the environment
there will be no selection pressure and
there would be no change
you would have random mutations but
there'd be nothing to select those
random mutations
David writes
the biosphere is not a great preserver
of species in addition to being
notoriously cruel to individuals
Evolution involves continual extinctions
of entire species the average rate of
Extinction since the beginning of life
on Earth has been about 10 species per
year the numbers are known if you're
approximate